Nvidia gpu access (#1974)
docker/cli: docs/reference/commandline/run.md

> Windows containers. This option fails if the container isolation is `hyperv`
> or when running Linux Containers on Windows (LCOW).

### Access an NVIDIA GPU

> The `--gpus­` flag allows you to access NVIDIA GPU resources. Specify which GPUs

Reviewer: Document dependency on nvidia-container-cli ?

Reviewer 2: Well you've documented the dependency on the nvidia-container-toolkit package, which installs the CLI so you probably don't need to redocument this.

> Windows containers. This option fails if the container isolation is `hyperv`
> or when running Linux Containers on Windows (LCOW).

### Access an NVIDIA GPU

The `--gpus­` flag allows you to access NVIDIA GPU resources. First you need to
install [nvidia-container-runtime](https://nvidia.github.io/nvidia-container-runtime/).
Visit [Specify a container's resources](https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/resource_constraints/)
for more information.

> To use `--gpus`, specify which GPUs (or all) to use. For example:

Reviewer 3: Perhaps try to describe the example here (instead of continuing the sentence below the example code);

```suggestion
To use `--gpus`, specify which GPUs (or all) to use. If no value is provided, all
available GPUs are used. The example below exposes all available GPUs:
```

```bash
$ docker run -it --rm --gpus all ubuntu nvidia-smi
```

Exposes all available GPUs.

Use the `device` option to specify GPUs. For example:

```bash
$ docker run -it --rm --gpus device=GPU-3a23c669-1f69-c64e-cf85-44e9b07e7a2a ubuntu nvidia-smi
```

Exposes that specific GPU.

```bash
$ docker run -it --rm --gpus device=0,2 nvidia-smi
```

> Exposes the first and third GPUs.

Reviewer 3: Same here
